#Project 1
Apply the Lines (Stylish) style set to the document.
In the "Rosa" section, convert the five paragraphs starting with "Banksianae" to a bulleted list. Align the bullets with the left page margin. (Do not change the hanging indent distance.)
In the "Contact Us" section, insert a footnote to the right of the heading. Enter the footnote text "includes Address"
Display the Integral header on all pages of the document except page 1.
In the "About Us" section, insert a lightning symbol before the phrase "With the vision of sharing our knowleged...". Use the Webdings font and character code "126" (the lightning bolt symbol).
In the "Rosa" section, apply the Pencil Sketch artistic effect to the flowers picture.
At the bottom of the first page, merge the cells in the first table row.
In the "Contact Us" section, change the text wrapping for the picture to Square.
#Project 2
Find the word "automatic" and delete it from the document.
Use a Word feature to replace all instances of "Informatics Technology" with "Basic Informatics"
In the "Lecturers" section, convert the tab-delimited text to a three-column table. Accept the default AutoFit behavior.
In the blank paragraph after the document title, insert a table of contents. Use the Automatic Table 1 style.
In the "Contact Us" section, in the dark blue text box, insert the text "Anytime Account Access".
In the "Lecturers" section, delete the comment that is attached to the text "proud".
In the "Overview" section, change the line spacing of the two paragraphs to exactly 14 pt.
Apply the Intense Emphasis style to the paragraph after the "Lecturers" heading.
#Project 3
Check the document for accessibility issues. Correct the table-related issue reported in the inspection results by using the first recommended action.
Change the orientation of only page 3 to Landscape.
In the "Introduce" section, resize the table so that each column is "1.57"" ("3.98cm") wide.
In the "Microsoft Office Specialist" section, insert a new placeholder citation with the name "MOS" at the end of the second paragraph after the heading.
Change the content display of the SmartArt graphic to list versions from Office 2007 to Microsoft 365 Apps, from left to right. Do not change order of items in the text pane.
In the "MOS Version" section, assign the alt text description "Process flow" to the SmartArt graphic. (Be sure to select the entire SmartArt graphic.)
In the file properties, add "hocict.edu.vn" as a category
In the "Microsoft Office Specialist" section, copy the formatting of first paragraph and apply it to the second paragraph.
#Project 4
In the "MOS 2019" section, sort the table data by "Date" (Ascending) and then by "Score" (Ascending)
In the "IC3 Certification" section, change the list level for "Internet Computiing Core Certification - Global Standard 5" to Level 3
In the "IC3 Certification" section, in the blank paragraph at the end of the page, use the 3D Models feature to insert the Glasses model from the 3D Objects folder. Position the model In Line with Text
In the "IC3 Certification" section, apply the Pencil Sketch artistic effect to the certificate image.
Insert a Continuous section break at the beginning of the "MOS 2019" heading.
Configure the table so that the first row is automatically repeated at the top of each page as the header row.
In the "MOS Level" section, apply the Soft Round bevel shape effect to the SmartArt graphic. (Be sure to select the entire SmartArt graphic.)
In the "MOS Certification" section, change the text wrapping for the picture to Square.
#Project 5
Set the line spacing to 1.4 lines for the entire document.
In the "Categories" section, continue the numbering of the list at the top of the second column, so the list items are numbered from 1 through 6.
Split the four paragraphs before the picture into two columns with column spacing of "0.4"" (0.8 cm")
Set the paragraph options so that the heading "Founder Information" and following text always be on the same page.
In the "Founder Information" section, insert a new placeholder citation with the name "Signature1" at the end of the section after the phrase "Signature by:".
In the "Founder Information" section, resolve the comment.
In the blank space at the bottom of page 2, insert a Horizontal Scroll shape that contains the text "Congratulation!". Position the shape in the bottom center of the page, with Square text wrapping. The exact size and position does not matter.
Inspect the document and remove all headers, footers, and watermarks that are found. Do not remove other information.
#Project 6
Apply the Pencil Sketch artistic effect to the logo image, located at the top-right corner.
Add a 3 pt Red, Accent 1 Box page border to the whole document.
Edit the list by choosing a custom ones. Use Segoe UI Emoji font and Character code "25B8" (the special RIGHT-POINTING BLACK TRIANGLE special character).
In the file properties, add "Certificate" as a category
Using a feature in Word, replace all occurrences of "community" with "connectivity"
Add a hyperlink to the logo image that is linked to page "https://www.facebook.com/hocict.edu.vn"
Clear all the formatting from the phrase "awarded to"
Save a copy the document as a Word 2019 template named "Cert" that is compatible with the lastest Word features and does not support macros. Save the template file in the default location.
#Project 7
Modify the document to take it out of Compatibility Mode.
In the document header, apply the text effect Fill: Blue, Accent color 1; shadow
In the "Author" section, change the text wrapping of the image to "Square"
At the end of the document, locate the paragraph that begins with "Internal use – refers to items for use in a project.". Add a bookmark named "Ico" at the beginning of the paragraph.
Regenerate the table of contents to display only level 1 headings.
Use a Word feature to replace all instances of "lytranthaihoc" with "ltthoc"
Convert all footnotes to endnotes.
Save a copy of the document as a Word 2019 template named "Notes" that is compatible with the latest word features and does not support macros. Save the file template to the default location.
#Project 8
In the first paragraph below the heading "Overview", insert the footnote "Free resources" after the word "sources."
Modify the document page margins. Set top and bottom margins of "0.75" (1.9cm)" and left and right margins of "0.5" (1.27 cm)"
Check if the document has accessibility issues. Correct the table-related issues reported in the inspection results by performing the first recommended action.
In the "MOS Introduce" section, delete all formatting from the paragraph that begins with "MOS is the only justification"
In the first table, set the cell spacing to "0.02 inches (0.05 cm)".
In the "MOS Version" section, resolve the comment.
On page 2, change the border color of the image to Blue, Accent 1, Darker 25%.
Accept all insertions and deletions in the document, the reject all layout changes.
#Project 9
At the end of the document, locate the paragraph that begins with "If, during an assignment or a supervised check". Add a bookmark named "Cheating" at the beginning of the paragraph.
In the "Rating" section, in the empty paragraph, insert a table with six rows and two columns. In the first row of the table, insert "Rating" in the left cell and "Rating range" in the right cell. Then adjust the size of the array to its contents.
In the "Prerequisites" section, start the lists numbered at "111"
Change the content display of the SmartArt graphic to list courses 1 through 8, from left to right. Do not change order of items in the text pane.
Apply the Centered style set to the document.
In the "Office 2016" section, resize the table so that each column is "3.2"" ("8.1cm") wide.
In the "Nescessary equipment" section, edit the list by choosing a custom ones. Use Segoe UI Emoji font and Character code "25B8" (the special RIGHT-POINTING BLACK TRIANGLE special character).
Save a copy of the document in your Documents folder as a plain-text file named "Memo"
#Project 10
In the "Overview" section, merge the cells in the first row of the table.
In the "MOS Certification" section, in the empty paragraph, insert the Certificate image from the Pictures folder.
In the "Author" section, insert a footnote to the right of the heading. Enter the footnote text "includes biographical information"
Apply the Intense Emphasis style to the paragraph after the picture.
In the "Overview" section, delete the comment that is attached to the text "Informatics".
In the "Microsoft Office Specialist: Expert (Office 2019)" section, copy the formatting of first paragraph and apply it to the second paragraph.
Regenerate the table of contents to display only level 1 headings.
Transform all endnotes in the document into footnotes.
#Project 11
Accept all tracked insertions and deletions. Reject all formatting changes.
In the "Manufacturing Process" section, assign the alt text description "Process_flow" to the SmartArt graphic. (Be sure to select the entire SmartArt graphic.)
In the "Cooling" section, insert a thermometer symbol before the phrase "Let the muffins cool in the baking sheet for 1 hours". Use the Webdings font and character code "225" (the thermometer symbol).
Set the line spacing to 1.4 lines for the entire document.
In the "Various type" section, continue the numbering of the list at the top of the second column, so the list items are numbered from 1 through 6.
In the "Serving" section, change the text wrapping for the picture to Square.
In the blank paragraph after the document title, insert a table of contents. Use the Automatic Table 1 style.
At the end of the document, change the line spacing of the last two paragraphs to exactly 14 pt.
#Project 12
In the "Editing Process" section, split the three paragraphs below the title into two columns.
Apply the Basic (Stylish) style set to the document.
In the first row of the table, apply the Subtle Emphasis style to the text.
Add a 3 pt Green, Accent 1 Box page border to the whole document.
In the document header, apply the text effect Fill: Green, Accent color 1; Shadow.
Insert a Continuous section break at the beginning of the "Where to find us" heading.
Configure the table so that the first row is automatically repeated at the top of each page as the header row.
In the "Where to find us" section, in the empty paragraph, insert the Map image from the Pictures folder.
